Pal 883 examples documentation (#88)
gchq/Palisade-examples: performance/README.md

The following trials are tested for each size and variant of data-set:

* *read-native* - baseline test of a native file-read and deserialise, used for normalisation

> * *request* - test of just the request stage with the client request without any deserialisation or rule application within the Data Service

Author: Updated

> * *read* - test of the full process, including the read, deserialise and coarse/fine-grain rule application within the Data Service, providing an indication of palisade overhead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *read* - tests full request process, including the read, deserialise and coarse/fine-grain rule application within the Data Service, providing an indication of Palisade overhead
```

Author: Updated

### Automated

For an automated way to perform these tests, see the [Services Manager](https://github.com/gchq/Palisade-services/blob/develop/services-manager/README.md) for more details.

> Creates some test data for the performance tests, starts all the Palisade-services and runs the performance tests:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates some test data for the performance tests, starts all the Palisade services and runs the performance tests:  
```

Author: Updated

`java -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=example-perf services-manager/target/services-manager-*-exec.jar --manager.schedule=performance-create-task,palisade-task,performance-test-task`

> * The services will start up with their cache/persistence-store prepopulated with example data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The services will start up with their cache/persistence store pre-populated with example data
```

Author: Updated

For an automated way to perform these tests, see the [services-manager](https://github.com/gchq/Palisade-services/blob/develop/services-manager/README.md) for more details.

> Create some test data for the performance-test, start all the palisade services and run the performance-test:  

Author: Updated
